add: context for quicv1 (#238)
libp2p/docs: content/concepts/transports/quic.md

{{< alert icon="💡" context="note" text="To be clear, there is no additional security handshake and stream muxer needed as QUIC provides all of this by default. This also means that establishing a libp2p connection between two nodes using QUIC only takes a single RTT." />}}

Following the multiaddress format, a standard QUIC connection will
look like: `/ip4/127.0.0.1/udp/65432/quic-v1/`.

> ### QUIC v0

Reviewer: There's no QUIC v0. There were draft versions, but they were never called v0.

> ### QUIC v0

Author: ```suggestion
### QUIC code point
```

The initial implementation of QUIC for some implementations (e.g. go-libp2p),
"QUIC v0", was based on
[draft-ietf-quic-transport-29](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-quic-transport-29)
(or simply, **draft-29**) by the IETF as [RFC 9000](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9000)

> was yet to be finalized. Many nodes still use draft-29 as their deployed version. A codepoint, `quicv1`,
> is used to distinguish between the two versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
was yet to be finalized. Many nodes still use draft-29 as their deployed version.
By using different code points (`quic-v1` for RFC 9000 and `quic` for draft-29,
we can distinguish between the two versions.
```

> (or simply, **draft-29**), because [RFC 9000](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9000)
> was yet to be finalized. Some legacy nodes on the IPFS network still use draft-29.
> By using different code points (`quic-v1` for RFC 9000 and `quic` for draft-29),
> we can distinguish between the two versions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(or simply, **draft-29**). At the time, draft-29 was implemented because [RFC 9000](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9000)
was yet to be finalized.
Eventually go-libp2p added support for RFC 9000 in addition to draft-29, supporting two QUIC versions.
However, the multiaddresses for these versions used the same format and thus were indistinguishable.

By using different code points, `quic-v1` for RFC 9000 and `quic` for draft-29,
libp2p can distinguish between the two versions.
```

Reviewer 2: `Some legacy nodes on the IPFS network still use draft-29.`
removed this sentence because libp2p is product agnostic and should not mention IPFS.

A standard QUIC connection will look like: `/ip4/1.2.3.4/udp/65432/quic-v1/`, whereas the
initial codepoint, `quic` (e.g. `/ip4/127.0.0.1/udp/65432/quic/`) implies draft-29.

Nodes that support multiple versions can offer them on the same port.

> Since QUIC packets contain the version number and any (multi-version)
> QUIC stack will be able to handle packets from different QUIC versions,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QUIC long header packets contain the version number, which enables the QUIC stack to handle multiple versions.
```

{{< alert icon="💡" context="note" text="To be clear, there is no additional security handshake and stream muxer needed as QUIC provides all of this by default. This also means that establishing a libp2p connection between two nodes using QUIC only takes a single RTT." />}}

Following the multiaddress format, a standard QUIC connection will
look like: `/ip4/127.0.0.1/udp/65432/quic-v1/`.

### QUIC code point

> The initial implementation of QUIC for some implementations (e.g. go-libp2p),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The initial implementation of QUIC of go-libp2p
```

> "QUIC v0", was based on

Reviewer: Please don't call it v0.

> "QUIC v0", was based on

Author: ```suggestion
The original QUIC specification was based on
```

[draft-ietf-quic-transport-29](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-quic-transport-29)

> (or simply, **draft-29**) by the IETF as [RFC 9000](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9000)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(or simply, **draft-29**), because [RFC 9000](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9000)
```

> was yet to be finalized. Many nodes still use draft-29 as their deployed version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
was yet to be finalized. Some legacy nodes on the IPFS network still use draft-29.
```

> However, the multiaddresses for these versions used the same format and thus were indistinguishable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, back then the multiaddresses for these versions used the same format and thus were indistinguishable.
```

we can distinguish between the two versions.

> A standard QUIC connection will look like: `/ip4/127.0.0.1/udp/65432/quicv1/`, whereas the initial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A standard QUIC connection will look like: `/ip4/127.0.0.1/udp/65432/quic-v1/`, whereas the initial
```

Reviewer: Maybe pick a non-local IP here? 1.2.3.4?

> By using different code points, `quic-v1` for RFC 9000 and `quic` for draft-29,
> libp2p can distinguish between the two versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using different code points, `quic-v1` for RFC 9000 and `quic` for draft-29,
libp2p can now distinguish between the two versions.
```

{{< alert icon="💡" context="note" text="To be clear, there is no additional security handshake and stream muxer needed as QUIC provides all of this by default. This also means that establishing a libp2p connection between two nodes using QUIC only takes a single RTT." />}}

Following the multiaddress format, a standard QUIC connection will
look like: `/ip4/127.0.0.1/udp/65432/quic-v1/`.

### QUIC v0

The initial implementation of QUIC for some implementations (e.g. go-libp2p),
"QUIC v0", was based on
[draft-ietf-quic-transport-29](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-quic-transport-29)
(or simply, **draft-29**) by the IETF as [RFC 9000](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9000)
was yet to be finalized. Many nodes still use draft-29 as their deployed version. A codepoint, `quicv1`,
is used to distinguish between the two versions.

A standard QUIC connection will look like: `/ip4/127.0.0.1/udp/65432/quicv1/`, whereas the initial

> codepoint, `quic` (e.g. `/ip4/127.0.0.1/udp/65432/quic/`) defaults to draft-29.

Author: ```suggestion
codepoint, `quic` (e.g. `/ip4/127.0.0.1/udp/65432/quic/`) implies to draft-29.
```

Nodes that support multiple versions can offer them on the same port.
Since QUIC packets contain the version number and any (multi-version)
QUIC stack will be able to handle packets from different QUIC versions,

> Due to version negotiation, a 1 RTT penalty will incur when connecting a QUIC v1 node to a

Author: ```suggestion
```

> legacy node.

Author: ```suggestion
```

{{< alert icon="💡" context="note" text="To be clear, there is no additional security handshake and stream muxer needed as QUIC provides all of this by default. This also means that establishing a libp2p connection between two nodes using QUIC only takes a single RTT." />}}

Following the multiaddress format, a standard QUIC connection will

> look like: `/ip4/127.0.0.1/udp/65432/quicv1/`.

Author: ```suggestion
look like: `/ip4/127.0.0.1/udp/65432/quic-v1/`.
```

### QUIC v0

The initial implementation of QUIC for some implementations (e.g. go-libp2p),
"QUIC v0", was based on
[draft-ietf-quic-transport-29](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-quic-transport-29)
(or simply, **draft-29**) by the IETF as [RFC 9000](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9000)

> was yet to be deployed. Many nodes still use draft-29 as their deployed version. A codepoint, `quicv1`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
was yet to be finalized. Many nodes still use draft-29 as their deployed version. A codepoint, `quicv1`,
```

is used to distinguish between the two versions.

A standard QUIC connection will look like: `/ip4/127.0.0.1/udp/65432/quicv1/`, whereas the initial

> codepoint, `quic` (e.g. `/ip4/127.0.0.1/udp/65432/quic/`) defaults to draft-29.

Reviewer: It doens't really "default to" draft-29. It _means_ draft-29.

Nodes that support multiple versions can offer them on the same port.
Since QUIC packets contain the version number and any (multi-version)
QUIC stack will be able to handle packets from different QUIC versions,

> demultiplexing works as intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Due to version negotiation, a 1 RTT penalty will incur when connecting a QUIC v1 node to a

> legacy node.

Reviewer: That _would_ be the case if we didn't have the quic-v1 code point. But since we now have the new code point, we _know_ the version in advance, so we don't waste 1 RTT on version negotiation.

> {{< alert icon="💡" context="note" text="With the upcoming <a class=\"text-muted\" href=\"https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-ietf-quic-version-negotiation/\">Compatible Version Negotiation for QUIC</a> specification, it will become possible to do a version upgrade between two compatible versions without incurring any round-trip penalty." />}}

Reviewer: Nice one :)
